---
layout: post
title:  "HoloDay #3 for March 9th, 2021"
author: Atrophius
date:   2021-03-09 15:00:00 -0500
excerpt: >-
  Suisei does a mini Full Metal Alchemist themed karaoke stream, Noel and Flare
  join (break?) Reddit, and Roboco's 3rd Anniversary + Short Break.
tags:
  - suisei
  - noel
  - flare
  - fubuki
  - roboco
  - karaoke
  - reddit
---

<abbr title="Konbanmassuru! (Noel's Greeting)">こんばんマッスル！</abbr>

Time for HoloDay #3 where I will proceed to gush about Sui-chan for a bit so
strap in. We've also got some fun [/r/Hololive][HololiveReddit] activity with
both Noel and Flare joining on the same day, and an update from Roboco who's
going on a short break. Let's get to it!

## Suisei FMA Karaoke

Anyone that knows me or has read [the about page][TWIHLAbout] will know that I
am a huge, huge fan of all of the musical talent that exists within Hololive.
But if I had to pick a single talent who I love the most, it would be really
difficult for me to choose between Suisei and Towa. I'm personally gearing up
for Suisei's birthday/anniversary which is coming later this month and hoping
that there's something big planned. To my knowledge, there's nothing specific
announced yet, but you can bet I'll be dedicating plenty of space here to
whatever it is. Anyway ...

Yesterday, Suisei did a distinctly Full Metal Alchemist themed karaoke stream
where she sang the following songs:

1. Melissa by Porno Graffiti (FMA OP1)
1. Kesenai Tsumi by Nana Kitade (FMA ED1)
1. Tobira no Mukou e by YeLLOW Generation (FMA ED2)
1. Again by YUI (FMA:B OP1)
1. Golden Time Lover by Sukima switch (FMA:B OP3)
1. Compared Child by TUYU

Sui-chan's voice is _incredible_, to say the least. But her performance of
Golden Time Lover really shows off how impressive her range is. The beginning
of that song is _deep_ and she absolutely nails it. I can't recommend this
stream enough because she's just in excellent form across the whole thing.

I've embedded the karaoke stream below, starting at her performance of Golden
Time Lover, but please watch the whole stream. It's so good.

{% include yt_embed.html video="je728pDQGgI" start="1610" %}

## Noel and Flare join (break?) Reddit, Surprise from Fubuki

Reddit was abuzz yesterday with the news that Noel and Flare had both created
their new accounts on the same day, but it was about to get even better. During
[Noel's English practice stream][NoelEnglishStream] yesterday, she decided to
make her [first-ever Reddit post][NoelRedditPost]. Live.

{% include image.html name="noel-meme.png" caption="Noel being proud of her first post." %}

Unsurprisingly, Noel's post shot to the top of Reddit in a flurry of upvotes and
comments welcoming Danchou to the site. I happened to be one of the first 15
commenters on the post and by the time I had a chance to refresh the page again
there had already been **200 comments** made in the first 30 seconds.

Despite doubts that the post would even break into the top 3 on /r/all, Danchou
proved her might as she did spend a brief time at the very top of the list in
the #1 spot. Quite an impressive debut on Reddit, I'd say.

Joining in on the fun, Flare also made
[her first post on the subreddit][FlareRedditPost] just a little while after
Noel's which included a cute misspelling of her own name as "Flair" which has
already started to be memed a bit by some users. We also got a surprise
[double][FubukiPost1] [post][FubukiPost2] from Fubuki who provided some new
self-themed templates for the Reddit meme team to enjoy.

## Roboco's 3rd Anniversary and Short Break

[Roboco did a short stream][RobocoStream] this morning where she celebrated her
3rd Anniversary which was back on March 4th. She's been moving into a new place
recently and it seems she's also been a bit under the weather, so she's decided
to take a week and recouperate.

As part of today's stream, Roboco announced that on March 20th she will be doing
a 3D live event that's being described as "Ballad Only" live. The available
translations around this are a little rough at the moment, but I believe this'll
be a mini-concert 3D live as part of her 3rd Anniversary celebrations. She's
getting some rest and making sure her throat is healed ahead of this event, so
let's be sure to show her some love when she returns.

{% include image.html name="roboco-3d-live-march.png" %}

## Wrapping Up & Some Site Updates

Wanted to take a quick second to point out an
[update over on the resources page][TWIHLResources]. I pulled together a list of
good quality clippers and translators that you can subscribe to on YouTube in
order to get translated content from the JP/ID talents as well as some clips of
good moments from the EN talents. Please let me know if there's anyone else I
should add to this list. I'm also going to be working on tagging these clippers
with which talents they commonly make clips for so you have a better idea of
who to go to for your oshis.

That's all for today. Seriously, go listen to all of Suisei's music. You won't
regret it. Trust me. *Trust me.*

Thanks for reading! Be sure to [give us a follow][TWIHLTwitter] over on Twitter
if you enjoyed this. <abbr title="See you!">またね！</abbr>

[HololiveReddit]: <https://www.reddit.com/r/Hololive/>
[TWIHLAbout]: </about>
[TWIHLResources]: </resources>
[TWIHLTwitter]: <https://twitter.com/WeekInHololive>
[NoelEnglishStream]: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MA2sOAINA0Q>
[NoelRedditPost]: <https://www.reddit.com/r/Hololive/comments/m0ylz9/nice_to_meet_you/>
[FlareRedditPost]: <https://www.reddit.com/r/Hololive/comments/m0z2yq/ooooooooooiiiiiiiiiiiiii/>
[FubukiPost1]: <https://www.reddit.com/r/Hololive/comments/m15i93/slowly_fubuki_meme_please/>
[FubukiPost2]: <https://www.reddit.com/r/Hololive/comments/m15oct/present_for_reddit_friends/>
[RobocoStream]: <https://youtu.be/mKQGRfl9vCc>