---
layout: post
title:  "HoloDay #14 for April 2nd, 2021"
author: Atrophius
date:   2021-04-02 15:00:00 -0500
excerpt: >-
  Happy Friday! We're finishing up the rest of our April Fool's coverage as
  well as talking about the OkaKoro anniversary stream, some recent musical
  streams, Sora's new membership emotes, and it's FLARE'S BIRTHDAY TODAY!
tags:
  - flare
  - noel
  - okayu
  - korone
  - haato
  - azki
  - mio
  - moona
  - sora
  - pekora
  - miyabi
  - izuru
  - aruran
  - rikka
  - astel
  - temma
  - roberu
  - shien
  - oga
---

Welcome to another HoloDay! It's time for #14 and we're wrapping up the rest of
our April Fool's Day coverage as well as talking about some lovely musical
streams that have happened recently. The big news of the day is that it is
FLARE'S BIRTHDAY TODAY! And she released her first original song! Let's take a
look.

## The Holostars Avengers

First up on the April Fool's front, the Holostars twitter account put out this
awesome poster that's very clearly themed after the Avengers.

{% include tweet_embed.html tweet="https://twitter.com/holostarstv/status/1377304690828877824" %}

Amazingly, Hololive is producing REAL merch based on this art. You can get
either a tapestry or an acrylic panel of the art for the next few days over on
Booth. It's a really short sales window, about 5 days, so don't sleep on this
if you're interested.

{% include tweet_embed.html tweet="https://twitter.com/hololivetv/status/1377488371249897476" %}

## AZKi Leaves INNK for GEMS COMPANY

For April Fool's Day, AZKi tweeted out that she was leaving Hololive's INoNaKa
Music to join the Square-Enix managed virtual idol group GEMS COMPANY. The art
she included in her tweet was pretty convincing and resulted in quite a lot of
people asking if she was serious or going to still be associated with Hololive.

{% include tweet_embed.html tweet="https://twitter.com/AZKi_VDiVA/status/1377274495124205569" %}

## Haachama's Time Travel?

Haachama is back on her story crafting with what appeared to be an April Fool's
joke around time travel that's continuing to develop. During her latest karaoke
stream, she seemingly time travelled back to the day before her birthday last
year. Then followed it up on April Fool's Day with a short birthday celebration
call-in stream where she received calls from Watame and Suisei who both seemed
to be in the present and confused about what was happening.

Continuing on from that, today she did a Kuukiyomi 3 stream (a game that
technically wouldn't be out in her current timeline), and made references to
other timeline related things. Including a section of her superchat reading
where someone mentioned Kiara and Haachama had no idea who she was since HoloEN
hadn't debuted yet back in August.

It looks like we're in for another wild ride with Haachama, so I'll be trying
to keep up with what's going on with her somewhat regularly.

## Pekora's Stripes

Pekora did another stream in her prison outfit today, confirming that it isn't
just an April Fool's joke and that this really is her new outfit. It's honestly
kind of perfect and probably something that Pekora specifically requested
considering her fans have a habit of referring to her as a "War Criminal" for
some of the antics that she gets up to in Minecraft.

There's actually a lot of really impressive detail in this outfit now that I've
taken a closer look at it, from her hair and the way that it moves down to all
of the rabbit-themed prison accessories, including her giant carrot ball and
chain. It's a really fun outfit and it looks like it has been a huge hit with
her fans.

{% include yt_embed.html video="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PelrpaMQ8Ac" %}

## OkaKoro 2nd Anniversary

Okayu and Korone celebrated their 2nd Anniversary together with a 3D Live that
included lots of singing and antics between the two of them. Between this and
Noel and Flare together during Flare's birthday later, the てえてえ meter is
off the charts this week.

The kicked off their show with a live performance of their cover of Hyadain's
Amazing Friendship, which is what I've set as the start time on the video embed
below. If you love these two as much as I do, I obviously recommend watching
the entire thing. You'll be smiling ear to ear the whole time, I promise.

{% include yt_embed.html video="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8tFy6_6R84" start="75" %}

## Mio Ukulele Stream

Mio-mama blessed us with another beautiful and peaceful ukulele stream this
week. I love these and often listen to them to relax or help me focus on some
other stuff that I have to get done. I've embedded the stream below starting at
her performance of "Secret Base" which is the Anohana ED.

{% include yt_embed.html video="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2fr3oeX7XA" start="3255" %}

## Sora's New Membership Emotes

Sora showed off her new membership emotes this week! Sora's membership has
always been on Niconico rather than YouTube up until very recently. Earlier this
year she got her YouTube membership activated and now she's added a set of
emotes for her Soratomos to use. Sora was adorable this stream with several cute
moments and despite acting like she doesn't like being called "Soda-chan" she
unveiled that there are not one, but two "Tokino Soda" related emotes. Check out
the stream below:

{% include yt_embed.html video="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJ5htborqdM" %}

## Moona's Karaoke

Moona is a vocal talent that I'm starting to pay more and more attention to ever
since her original song was released and literally brought me to tears. I've
been checking in on her karaoke streams now and then as I can, but I definitely
want to pass today's along for this performance of Fukai Mori (Inuyasha ED2). If
you stick around for just a bit after this ends, she also does Secret Base
(Anohana ED).

{% include yt_embed.html video="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1U9BBKRA5FI" start="4433" %}

## Happy Birthday Flare!

Today is Flare's birthday! And she celebrated by holding a 3D Live mini-concert
to do some singing for us. Not only that, but she had Noel on with her as a
special guest part of the way through the stream. I love Flare's singing but
I also love her relationship with Noel and how much they care for each other,
so this stream was full of great moments.

At the end, Flare surprised everyone by singing her first original song called
"Smile & Go"! I'm going to embed both the stream and the music video preview of
the original below. The stream will start at Noel's apperance on stage and their
duet. Go check these out:

{% include yt_embed.html video="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rJhAn6ZPuU" start="946" %}

{% include yt_embed.html video="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4PT1phuM9M" %}

Also announced today was Flare's set of birthday commemorative goods. If you
want some Flare merch, you can pick up the following goodies:

* Flare motif leather book cover with a wooden bookmark
* Book-shaped drawing of Flare with the cover motif
* Plush toy of Flare's mascot, Kintsuba
* Commemorative voice pack of several different voice styles, including Flare's
  Shiranui Homura voice.
* Postcard with special illustration and foil stamped duplicate autograph

All of the illustrations are done by Flare's official illustrator, lack-sensei.
Sadly, you won't be able to get the limited edition with Flare's _actual_
signature on the postcard because they sold out literally within minutes of
becoming available.

{% include tweet_embed.html tweet="https://twitter.com/hololivetv/status/1377969066942607363" %}

## Wrapping Up

Phew. What a week it has been. Hololive's April Fool's Day activities were quite
a lot of fun. Way more fun than I typically have with that day. Another big
Happy Birthday to Fuu-tan and congrats on her 1st original song! Tomorrow is a
break day. We'll be back with the Weekly Roundup on Sunday!

Thanks for reading! Be sure to [give us a follow][TWIHLTwitter] over on Twitter
if you enjoyed this and sign up to get the Weekly Roundup by email using the
form below.

<abbr title="See you!">またね！</abbr>

[TWIHLTwitter]: <https://twitter.com/WeekInHololive>
[TWIHLResources]: </resources>