---
layout: post
title:  "HoloDay #17 for April 8th, 2021"
author: Atrophius
date:   2021-04-08 15:00:00 -0500
excerpt: >-
  1st Gen has their first ever full-gen collab including a big announcement,
  Noel is sharing her ASMR knowledge with Kanata, Rushia gets her first Fall 
  Guys win, and Mio blesses us with more ukulele goodness.
tags:
  - fubuki
  - haato
  - mel
  - matsuri
  - aki
  - noel
  - kanata
  - mio
  - rushia
---

Welcome to another HoloDay! After a pretty non-stop last couple weeks, this week
is feeling pretty light in comparison with most talents just going through their
usual routines and generally enjoying themselves. But we do have some big news
out of 1st Gen. Let's check it out!

## 1st Gen Collab

To my knowledge, 1st Gen hasn't ever done a full gen collab that was just the
members of their generation. That changed this week when the girls all got
together to do a little competition where they tested their knowledge of one
another via prompts or questions they had to answer on behalf of another member
then everyone revealing their answers to see if they matched.

There was great translation presence in the chat for this stream, so
[grab LiveTL from our resources page][TWIHLResources] and head over to the
stream and hit the "Watch in LiveTL" link underneath chat.

{% include yt_embed.html video="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RYUAnz0s0Xw" %}

## 1st Gen Anniversary Concert

The really big news to come out of this week's collab is that Gen 1 is getting
together for an in-person concert to celebrate their **3rd Anniversary**! As
long as in-person attendance doesn't get cancelled by COVID like it was for
Bloom, this will be the first concert Hololive's put on with an audience since
Non-Stop Story back in January of last year.

For the overseas folks, online viewing tickets are
[on sale via SPWN][ConcertTickets] which has a pretty decent English version of
their website. Just hit the language dropdown at the top right and switch to
English. The online tickets are 5,000 JPY which comes out to about $46 USD.

{% include tweet_embed.html tweet="https://twitter.com/hololive_En/status/1379782759435042821" %}

It wouldn't be a Hololive concert without **merch** and here's the list of the
swag you can pickup for the event:

* from 1st supporting set: Acrylic "from 1st" logo penlight, t-shirt, long towel, and shoulder bag
* from 1st pamphlet
* B2-size tapestry of the concert key art
* acrylic diorama of 1st gen on stage
* button badges set
* acrylic key chains
* monotone silicon band with concert logo/motif
* set of 5 connected metal charms in the motifs of each 1st gen member
* the standard Hololive Blade NEXT penlight (same as sold since Beyond the Stage)

If you wanna grab some concert swag, go check out the 
[official concert page on Hololive's website][ConcertPage].

## Sanrio Merch Collab

This week, Hololive teased a collaboration with Sanrio of Hello Kitty fame. The
details are light, but this is potentially a huge deal. In a tweet, they
basically said that it's coming and the details on which Sanrio characters and
Hololive member combinations would exist would be announced soon. So, we'll be
keeping an eye out for that!

{% include tweet_embed.html tweet="https://twitter.com/hololivetv/status/1379783517219942406" %}

## Rushia's First Win in Fall Guys

Rushia's been a very occasional Fall Guys player without any wins up until
today. On the final stage, Jump Showdown, she ended up alone on one of the two
remaining platforms with just her and two other players.

I think the best part of her win is that she didn't even realize she had won
because she got knocked off the platform right after the other two. She had
already emotionally prepared herself for another loss and wasn't paying
attention until she realized chat was celebrating her victory. Her reaction was
priceless and I've embedded the stream below starting at the last few seconds
of Jump Showdown. Oh, and ... Volume warning, btw.

{% include yt_embed.html video="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rt6ebXZMSkE" start="7710" %}

## Blessed Mio Ukulele Time

I've talked at length about how much I love Mio's ukulele streams. I'm listening
to this one literally as I'm writing this article. This one was another relaxing
time. I'll be embedding it below at her rendition of "Cherry" but you know the
drill.

{% include yt_embed.html video="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0FQIVkhw3R8" start="2283" %}

## Kanata Learns ASMR from Noel

Noel and Kanata got together for an offline ASMR collab where Noel spent some
time teaching her the ropes on ASMR. This stream was entertaining and Kanata is
a bit of a natural despite her ... uhh ... gorilla side coming out during their
time with the gel balls. I've actually embedded the stream below at gorilla
tenshi crushing organs and Noel's laughing in response. It's great. Check out
the whole stream:

{% include yt_embed.html video="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jDVDB22OVyI" start="303" %}

## Wrapping Up

This Week in Hololive is looking for writers to help out with our coverage of
all the talents! If you'd like to contribute, please head over to our
[writer signup form][WriterForm] and let us know what you'd be interested in
helping with as well as which talents you follow!

Thanks for reading! Be sure to [give us a follow][TWIHLTwitter] over on Twitter
if you enjoyed this and sign up to get the Weekly Roundup by email using the
form below.

<abbr title="See you!">またね！</abbr>

[TWIHLTwitter]: <https://twitter.com/WeekInHololive>
[TWIHLResources]: </resources>
[ConcertTickets]: <https://virtual.spwn.jp/events/21052801-hololive-from-1st>
[ConcertPage]: <https://from1st.hololive.tv/goods>
[WriterForm]: <https://forms.gle/hXJLu5ZHAwTg9vZm9>