---
layout: post
title:  "HoloDay #19 for April 13th, 2021"
author: Atrophius
date:   2021-04-13 15:00:00 -0500
excerpt: >-
  It's a very musical HoloDay today with Suisei's special 3rd Anniversary /
  Birthday Live concert, Nene did a cover of Usseewa, and Moona did a cover of
  K/DA's VILLAIN.
tags:
  - suisei
  - nene
  - moona
  - sora
  - matsuri
  - marine
  - kanata
  - aki
  - polka
  - towa
---

<abbr title="Sui-chan wa~ Kyou mo Kawaii~!! (Sui-chan is~ also cute today~!!)">すいちゃんは～ 今日もかわい～！！</abbr>

Definitely.

Welcome to another HoloDay! We did some
[special coverage of AZKi's 7th Live yesterday][AZKiSpecial] instead of a normal
HoloDay, so it's the beginning of a new week! It's also looking like a very busy
week with lots of stuff happening. I'll be doing my best to try and keep you up
to speed, but today we're focused on some special musical events. Specifically,
Suisei's 3rd Anniversary + Birthday concert!

But first, [this week's issue of HoloNews is available](https://www.reddit.com/r/Hololive/comments/mq24xt/holonews_april_511th/)
covering April 5th - 11th. So, go check that out!

## Suisei's 4th Live "SPACE for Virtual GHOST"

I previously talked about how this was going to be the highlight of the week for
me and boy did Sui-chan not disappoint. We got an amazing concert full of neat
effects, some great special guests, and a special medley of Suisei's original
songs that ended with the debut of her newest original single "GHOST".

The concert opened with "Light Prayer" by School Food Punishment and featured
visuals of Suisei against an animated background of numbers and characters, the
effect where it's like someone is "inside the matrix". As the song progressed,
the visuals eventually transitioned to show the virtual stage that had been
designed for this concert and I will admit that I had to do a double take
because I actually briefly thought the stage was real. As the stage came into
view, Suisei was being shown with the same visual motif on a screen similar to
how the performances are presented in a live venue during events like Beyond
the Stage and Bloom, which added to the realistic-looking effect of the stage.
Eventually the song reaches a point where Suisei appears to be banging on the
screen from the inside before swinging an arm causing the entire visual to
shatter where she then steps out onto the stage. It is seriously one of the
coolest visuals I've seen in any of these events to date.

That was the epic beginning to what amounted to an epic concert that included
a guest appearance from Suisei's close friend Inui Toko from Nijisanji. They
sang "in the Morning" and "Plagiarism" together before Suisei did an absolutely
gorgeous solo performance of Viera.

Following Viera, "HOLOBAND" debuted with guest performers Towa, Aki, Matsuri,
and Polka. They all mimed playing instruments with Towa and Suisei on electric
and bass guitars, Matsuri on keyboard, Aki on drums, and Polka behind a DJ's
turntable. They performed a couple songs as a group including one that even
the cameraman got caught headbanging to.

After a short intermission due to technical difficulties (FAQ YT-kun), Suisei
returned on a floating platform that passed over the virtual audience as she
sang the next three songs before returning her to the end of the extended stage
runway. At this point, Suisei performed a special medley of her original songs
that was put together and remixed specifically for this event, including an
updated instrumental for her first original, Comet. The medley ended in the live
debut of her brand new original, GHOST.

GHOST feels like it fits somewhere between the energy of Tenkyuu and Next Color
Planet. I also love that she's continuing to leave instrumental gaps in her
songs where her voice can just kind of shine because it legitimately can stand
on its own.

Here's the full set list for the concert:

1. Light Prayer / School Food Punishment
1. LOVE! THUNDER GLOW / Walküre
1. In the Morning / Mrs. GREEN APPLE (ft. Inui Toko)
1. Plagiarism / Yorushika (ft. Inui Toko)
1. VIERA / himawari × nio × meisa
1. DRIVE US CRAZY / RAISE A SUILEN (ft. Aki Rosenthal, Natsuiro Matauri, Tokoyami Towa, Omaru Polka)
1. EXPOSE 'Burn out!!!' / RAISE A SUILEN (ft. Aki Rosenthal, Natsuiro Matauri, Tokoyami Towa, Omaru Polka)
1. Dancing in the Moonlight / Walküre
1. Shounen Brave / Jin ft. IA
1. Promise the Star / BiSH
1. Comet / Hoshimachi Suisei
1. Tenkyuu, Suisei wa Yoru wo Mataide / Hoshimachi Suisei
1. NEXT COLOR PLANET / Hoshimachi Suisei
1. GHOST / Hoshimachi Suisei

I'm embedding the concert below starting at the very beginning because the
effects and transition to her appearance on stage is actually so ridiculously
cool. On top of her obviously amazing vocals. **As usual**, I recommend you
watch the entire thing!

{% include yt_embed.html video="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ajwv4ANSSg0" start="122" %}

Suisei also released the MV for her new original song! GHOST is another hit from
her, in my opinion, and will be going right into my personal playlist. I also
really like the style of the animation in the MV and the album art for the
single is beautiful.

{% include yt_embed.html video="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKKar5SS29E" %}

{% include image.html name="ghost-art.png" %}

And it wouldn't be an anniversary/birthday celebration without some merch!
Here's the details on the full merch set:

* B2-sized tapestry drawn by Eihi-sensei
* Acrylic diorama stand drawn by Saraki-sensei
* Star-shaped can badge set illustrated by Suisei herself
* Suisei motif metal key ring
* A postcard drawn by Eihi-sensei with foil copy autograph by Suisei

The full set costs 10,000 JPY (about $92 USD). You also can order the tapestry,
acrylic stand, and metal key ring separately for 3,000 JPY (about $28 USD) each!

{% include tweet_embed.html tweet="https://twitter.com/hololivetv/status/1381985528946495488" %}

## Nene covers "Usseewa" + a Big Announcement

Usseewa is an interesting song for Nene to cover as the lyrics and style of the
song don't matchup to her persona very much at all. You can have a look at the
[English translation of the lyrics here][UsseewaLyrics] to get an idea of what
I mean. Though, I imagine some of Nene's fans wouldn't necessarily be opposed
to her yelling "Shut up, shut up, shut the hell up!" at them. Check out the
cover below:

{% include yt_embed.html video="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avbKac24efo" %}

Along with today's cover, we also learned that Nene will finally be getting her
3D Debut! Nene has been through a lot with her redesign causing delays on her 3D
model and not getting to participate in things like Bloom and HoloGra as a
result. Through it all, she showed a remarkable amount of resilience and
patience. She didn't complain and she kept shining like the adorable ray of
diabetes-inducing light that she is. And that's why this moment is so precious
and emotional, for her especially, as you'll be able to tell from her
announcement embedded below.

**Warning: Emotional. Tissues recommended.**

{% include yt_embed.html video="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQajf_s4HjA" start="2608" %}

{% include image.html name="nene-3d-announcement.png" %}

## Moona covers K/DA's "VILLAIN"

Moona dropped a cover of K/DA's VILLAIN today. I've kinda been wrapped up in the
K/DA craze a bit myself ever since POP/STARS came out and was such a banger. I
don't even play League of Legends, but I really enjoy K/DA's music, so this was
a bit of a treat for me. And Moona got to show off her vocal talent, which is a
plus.

Moona's been climbing up my list of favorite Hololive vocalists ever since her
original song was released and was absolutely incredible. This cover inches her
up slightly more on the list for me. Check it out below:

{% include yt_embed.html video="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jr3Z9qtBk7k" %}

## New HoloGra featuring Sora, Matsuri, Marine, and Kanata

A new week means a new episode of Holo no Graffiti, Hololive's weekly animation
series starring the girls. The localization team for HoloGra is excellent and
all of the episodes are captioned, so be sure to check out the others you may
have missed. I've embedded this week's episode below:

{% include yt_embed.html video="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IeWMT2PVhE0" %}

## Wrapping Up

This Week in Hololive is looking for writers to help out with our coverage of
all the talents! If you'd like to contribute, please head over to our
[writer signup form][WriterForm] and let us know what you'd be interested in
helping with as well as which talents you follow!

My list of stories to write for this week is massive, so I think there may be
an extra HoloDay tomorrow even though there normally isn't one on Wednesday.
There is so much happening this week so if you want help keeping up, be sure to
signup for the Weekly Roundup!

Thanks for reading! Be sure to [give us a follow][TWIHLTwitter] over on Twitter
if you enjoyed this and sign up to get the Weekly Roundup by email using the
form below.

<abbr title="See you!">またね！</abbr>

[TWIHLTwitter]: <https://twitter.com/WeekInHololive>
[TWIHLResources]: </resources>
[AZKiSpecial]: </posts/azki-special-message/>
[WriterForm]: <https://forms.gle/hXJLu5ZHAwTg9vZm9>
[UsseewaLyrics]: <https://genius.com/Genius-english-translations-ado-usseewa-english-translation-lyrics>